Hey.
If you've made it this far,
I just wanna say I see you.
Well, I don't actually see you.
I mean, it's a camera.
You see me though?
But I do see you.
You know what I mean?
Right.
I see you and you're doing great.
Alright.
That was awkward.
You've done some incredibly honest
work over the last few modules.
Okay.
You've pulled back the mask.
You've looked directly at the tension
between who you've been and who you're
becoming, and you've told the truth
about what's not working anymore.
And if you're feeling a little bit
raw, a little bit shaken, maybe even
unsure of what's next, that's normal.
Okay?
That just means you're doing it right.
So before we go any further, I want
you to pause for just a second.
Take a deep breath with me.
All right.
This next phase of the journey
is about something big.
It's about vision, not the vision
board version that slaps a mansion
and a G-Wagon on your subconscious,
like it's a Pinterest goal.
Okay.
No, I'm talking about the compelling
vision of the future that feels like
you, like freedom, like aliveness,
like coming home to yourself.
This is where the fog begins to clear.
In this module, you'll get familiar
with the voice that's been holding you
back, that so-called "Voice of Reason"
that keeps you playing small, right?
You're gonna practice hearing your
inner truth, the voice underneath
the noise, through a powerful silence
exercise, and you're gonna map out what
joy actually looks like in your body.
So you can use that feeling as
a compass to guide you forward.
Identify the small beliefs that are
still running the show and start
replacing them with something true.
And finally, you'll get bold.
Okay?
You're gonna name a dream so big,
so audacious that it scares you a
little bit and excites you a lot.
This is sacred ground here.
Okay?
This is the part of the story where
the hero stops running from what hurts
and starts running toward what calls.
So take your time.
This part of the journey
is supposed to be joyful.
Let it be creative.
Let it be your reminder
that this life isn't about
performance, it's about alignment.
Welcome to module four, the True You
Envisioning the Life that actually fits.
Let's hit it.